unrelated build and other changes/comments needed (#5689)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/support_troubleshooting/must_gather_mce.adoc

Check for managed clusters that are not set `True` for the JOINED and AVAILABLE column. You can run the `must-gather` command on those clusters that are not connected with `True` status.

> . Add the multicluster engine for Kubernetes image that is used for gathering data and the directory. Run the following command, where you insert the image and the directory for the output, with the current supported version replacing `v2x`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the multicluster engine for Kubernetes image that is used for gathering data and the directory. Run the following command, where you insert the image and the directory for the output, with the current supported version replacing `v2.x`:
```

----
REGISTRY=registry.example.com:5000
IMAGE=$REGISTRY/multicluster-engine/must-gather-rhel8@:ff9f37eb400dc1f7d07a9b6f2da9064992934b69847d17f59e385783c071b9d8

> 

Author: @jlpadilla this section (link 64)

Reviewer 2: This is the image SHA, which is like a fingerprint that identifies the image. This information is public when we publish the images.
Maybe it isn't clear that this is only a sample and the user needs to replace it with the correct image that matches the release.
Thanks for checking!

Author: changes to the line above it reflect that now.
